Yes
I'm having a nice evening with you
he is talking about different things for
you we are an easy disfigured
Chamber I just wanted to show you briefly
which is waiting for you for now
small bombs comparison as you can see
the old opera much more beautiful than the
snowboard flashback then from zinc kefer
because investors diamond einbeck benko
nico then a small ball at the super
show 643 completely on cellulose base
rights also to 100 of the nitrate mat
hektar size front already looks there
two circa owners a small buffer
at small point I have to add
say that was still on the
Invention uploaded a video
I had thought though direction
that I'm doing there I was still on it
as soon as they are there will be the comparison
otherwise count a few
small presents for new years eve or for
between
the unregulated ones here are all
children in front of four-chain yes I know
but not what the effects are
simon nice minor league for 1 rocket
behind them actually the boxes are all
fireworks on the spot
a label beside everything for
new year my collection everything you want
a few nice packages should be
he thinks only a short video will be
even more program on that possibly one
bit does not recognize the stove must
that's the 18 o'clock fireworks from the office
Team Rega on New Years Eve with the name
it will just set the facebook
position is sketched seefelder smiley is
but no wonder the whole come
position what is what and it is just
a total of 40 batteries in total
2000 72 shot that will hopefully be very
loud and very gray will see what
happens
times look first glance it throw
on the second fireworks on New Year's Eve
that will then follow at 20 o'clock and the
term red blue
but also for the individual
positions become everything individually
or so two three things the
maybe interconnected and
otherwise everything will be damaged individually
paid because I still think so
actually the nicest is the 28th
Batteries with 428 I hope it has you
like
and will stay there soon
videos will follow and you are happy
on New Year's Eve with us we will see
what's coming
a nice conclusion